In this section, you will build an application that lets the user submit a grade.
I will submit a grade for Harry.
We'll give him a C minus in potions.
And you can also update an existing grade so we can upgrade that C-minus to a B minus.
All right.
And you will write all of your code around the model of controller design, where model stores the data
view represents the visual elements of a web page and controller ties everything together.
Throughout this section.
And for the remainder of this course I'm going to be using VS code.
But not to worry if there's anything in V's code that would need to be done differently in IntelliJ,
then there's going to be two separate lessons one for Path A and one for Path B.